 The West has no right to criticize our record on human rights, look at US actions in Central America, the history of slavery and of lynchings, not to mention apartheid in South Africa…. (Bowell 2020)

 Yale’s guiding principles are predicated on the idea that consumption of fossil fuels, not production, is the root of the climate change problem.

 If we stopped emitting altogether tomorrow, not only it would have no impact but undoubtedly other countries would simply increase their emissions (Lamb et al. 2020)

 You may claim that the death penalty is an ineffective deterrent against crime -- but what about the victims of crime? How do you think surviving family members feel when they see the man who murdered their son kept in prison at their expense? Is it right that they should pay for their son's murderer to be fed and housed?

Dad: Billy, when did you last tidy your room? It’s an absolute tip. I’d like you to tidy it before you go to football practice please. Billy: That’s not fair! What about Bobby? His room is just as bad as mine and you’ve let him go out to his friend’s. You’re so unreasonable, it’s always one rule for him and another for me. I’m not doing it.

 Several party leaders hit at the Opposition for shedding crocodile tears on the issue of safety of women and raised the issue of other cases of violence against women involving non-party leaders including a few over a decade old, in what was seen by some as whataboutery.

 The NY Times article goes on to blame rising food prices as one of the contributing factors. I don't doubt it. South Africa and Zimbabwe both used to export food to the rest of Africa. But then Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe forcibly took the farms away from white Zimbabwean farmers, and turned that country into a starving basket case, with 1000 percent inflation.

Don’t you pollute air by taking out your car?

Diesel cars kill tens of thousands due to pollution – but what about driving petrol cars. That is worse because they cause greater CO2 emissions, which will kill many more through climate change.

 Therefore, since you are also a bigot, you have no right to criticize my bigotry. 

 Well, what about B? B is analogous to A in that it is equally morally repugnant. If we ought to condemn and do something about A then we should also condemn and do something about B.

 it's easy to criticise Venezuela but there are many other places that could also be criticised. For example They just killed four mayors in Asuncion, Paraguay, right next to him.

  ok, but what about the alt-left that came charging at the, as you say, the alt right? Do they have any semblance of guilt?...What about this? What about the fact that they came charging – they came charging with clubs in their hands swinging clubs? Do they have any problem? I think they do.

Your doctor tells you that you need to lose some weight or you'll have heart attack. You respond:  Oh yeah, doc, you're not exactly a runway model either.

A: How many decades does it take an average Soviet man to earn enough money to buy a Soviet car? B: And you are lynching Negroes!

